{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7580\viewh13000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SCORECONTRACTS\
\
How to Win Government Contracts for Dummies\
The Only Course You Need to Start Winning in the next 30 Days.  \
\
My college friends are not millionaires and my millionaire friends never went to college, they are all contractors. Learn how to build a sustainable long term business selling the government stuff they already want. \
\
Learn which programs work best. \
Are you minority, economically disadvantaged, veteran or woman? The government wants businesses who have the desire and motivation to grow. They will back you with the power of their spending dollars. \
\
ABC\'92s of registering your business \
In this series we will teach you everything we know about government contracting. And then we will help you get registered for FREE to start your journey to winning your first contract. Private 3rd party services sell from $295 - $1,200 and we give it all away for FREE. \
\
For Dummies\
We break it down into easy to use language for the common Joe! No complex words. We show you visual illustrations and easy to follow steps. This is for people who are willing to put in blood, sweat and tears. No college needed or required. In fact, non college students are more likely to succeed because they will likely work harder. \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What does it cost you to try it. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Uncover the secrets of the largest marketplace in the world. The only place where we take small, no-name companies and turn them into Giants. \
\
\
Listen to what some of the people are saying about this course!\
}