{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8340\viewh11560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Govcon Giants model checklist: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Learn contracting \
{\listtext	2.	}Prepare company\
{\listtext	3.	}Research TML\
{\listtext	4.	}Find Opportunities at Clients \
{\listtext	5.	}Establish Rapport\
{\listtext	6.	}Build Team\
{\listtext	7.	}Selective Bid Client projects \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Day 2: \
Prime contractor checklist. \
In order to determine if you would be a good fit to be a prime contractor we recommend looking at an existing contract in your industry and seeing if you can meet the requirements. \
\
Go to FBO, find a past project using your NAICS code (regardless of geographic location) and look to see what are the requirements for that job. This is the quickest and most effective approach to determining if you have what it takes. \
\
Here are a few questions to consider when looking at prime opportunities. Again some of these may not apply, they are just things to consider. \
\
1. Do I have the team members required to perform the job? Or can I get them? \
1.a Do I have office staff to handle the barrage of paperwork required? \
2. Do I have experience doing this type of work at this scale? \
3. Do I have adequate funding to supply the product/service until the government provides the first reimbursement check? Or do you have supplier credit? (Remember the government pays AFTER you deliver)   \
4. Are my vehicles compliant with the regulations? (logistics, transportation)\
5. Do my computer systems/equipment meet their standards? (ie. EDI)\
6. Does my team have the necessary training, certifications, clearances required? (Quality control, security clearance) \
6. Is my accounting/bookkeeping compliant for the size contracts that we want to pursue? \
\
These are are few questions that you should be able to answer regarding the types of projects you want to pursue as a Prime contractor. If you do not know the answers to the questions than this would be the first stage of research that you should do to prepare your company. \
\
Day 7\
Capability Statement checklist\
1. Is my POC information large and visible? \
2. Is my statement professional looking? \
3. Did I include my DUNS# and Cage Code? \
4. Is all of my information written clearly in short paragraph (2 to 3 sentences max) format? \
5. Can someone clearly read and understand what it is that I do? \
6. Is my statement focused on 1 specific target industry? \
\
I know that often times we want to offer the government a variety of services. However, in order to develop and cultivate a relationship with decision makers we need to be laser beam focused. Your capability statement should be focused on 1 specific market. \
\
Even if your company does multiple things, I would suggest make a separate capability statement for a second market. That is assuming that you are a multi-million dollar existing business. Otherwise choose one market and start your marketing and business development efforts on that one. \
\
Day 8 \
SBA profile checklist \
\
1. Look up key competitors in your market (can be outside of your geographical area) to find a list of searchable and specific key words for your industry. Add those keywords to your capabilities narrative. \
2. Make sure that the POC information is up to date and accurate. \
3. Make sure the phone numbers are NOT going to voice mail boxes or to a generic office number that no one answers. (Remember that when doing market research the government won\'92t try too hard) I would put a cell phone number or direct line to a human that answers regularly. \
4. NO long paragraphs in your capabilities narrative.\
5. Add keywords to the key word section. Use successful firms in your industry as a model.  \
6. Add past performance references from both government and non government work.  \
7. Do not include POC information on your past performance references, only the names. \
8. For references make sure to include the most recent and the larger projects. \
\
Note: If you are a consultant this is 1 of the first tasks that you will be doing for your clients. Normally I will print off their SBA profile and then mark up the changes in red and send back to them to make. I do all the research and tell the client exactly what to write for keywords and narrative. I make notes on the POC info slot and suggest the types of references they should use. \
\
Target Market List Checklist\
\
1. Did I search for a period that included 1 full year of results?  (Like 2016/2017) \
If you search for a recent year that is not yet complete your results could be misinterpreted because many agencies spend 30% or more of their total annual allotment at the end of the fiscal year. \
2. Did I search 2 years data to have a contrast/comparison that way I ensure I include all agencies who spend, not just the ones who had funding fluctuations. \
3. Are my results specific to my NAICS and geographic range? Searching the entire U.S. will produce too many results and not allow you to focus on a niche.   \
4. Did I find the actual contract office name within the Agency? (Ex. W2SD Endist New England) I know that many of the larger agencies like Army, NAVY, DLA have 100\'92s of different divisions, some buy construction, others buy IT, and yet others buy Marketing services like Ad\'92s, campaigns and designs. \
5. Did I drill down to the specific office that spent the funds in my region. (Remember the contract office is not always in the same state) - show example \
4. Did I find the corresponding OSDBU for the Contract office? Remember just because the place of performance was in your state does not mean the OSDBU will be in your state. - show example \
5. Did I find the OSDBU for the agency or for the contract office? Make sure it is for the contract office. \
This research may take a little longer to do as the information is not straightforward. It requires research and analysis of the results. - watch video with Annette Rich \
6. Did I gather all information related to the contract office for my NAICS (outstanding projects, forecast of upcoming projects, active IDIQ\'92s, current Prime contractor list)  \
\
Recent Award Winners \
These scripts work for wins on FPDS or FBO. Script #1. \
\
Hi, my name is __________ from _____________. I want to congratulate you on your recent win of the project ____________________ at ________________. \
\
My company is a _______________ contractor and we were wondering if you had already selected your ________________ contractor already. (pause) \
\
Script #2. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hi, my name is __________ from _____________. I want to congratulate you on your recent win of the project ____________________ at ________________. \
\
We specialize in _________  (products/services). I pulled down the project SOW from ________ (wherever you found the project, ie. FBO, Fedbid, NECO)  and have already and we have already put together a price to provide _______________ (product/service). \
\
Can we send over our price to see if it is something you might consider? (pause) \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Daily Bulletin
\f0\b0  scripts the projects are larger in nature and size so you may want to find the decision makers. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
We noticed that your firm _______  was awarded the  _________ contract to provide _______ services. My company specializes in that field for the last _____________ years and we believe we could help you fulfill some of the project requirements. Do you have the contact information for the POC on this particular project? (pause) \
\
No. Is there a division in your firm that handles Government work? Can you put me in touch with someone from that division? \
\
Day OSDBU meeting \
Script #1: \
Hi, ________ my name is _______ from ________. We are a ____________ firm that works in the ________ region. I understand that you are the ______________ (title) for _________________ (name of agency). \
\
Our firm ______ is interested in doing business with ______________ (name of agency) and we would love to setup a capabilities briefing to discuss opportunities with your agency. (pause) \
\
Script #2: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Good morning __________ (name of person).  My name is _______ from ________. We are a ____________ (type of product/service) firm based out of _______ (city, state). \
\
I understand that your agency buys a lot of ______ (services/products). ___________ (product/service) is all that we have ever sold our entire life. \
\
I was calling today to see if we could setup a 1-on-1 meeting to discuss our firms capabilities. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Emails: (copy from example) }