{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11820\viewh7900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 FAQ: \
\
Q: What is different about this course than the FREE version. \
A; Govcon Giants FREE version was replaced by Govcon Dummies. Govcon Dummies helps people get registered in the SAM database so that they are eligible to bid on government projects. Giants course is for people wanting to further their education and learn how to maximize their income potential. \
\
Q: What if I can\'92t afford the $997? \
A: This is a small investment for your learning education. For the less than the cost of trade school you can earn the money of a doctor, lawyer or even Wall Street Broker. \
\
Q: Why are you selling it now? \
A: In order to help grow the organization and further our cause we must charge something. The members who pay will likely due the steps, activities and increase their chances of winning 10x. \
\
Q: How did you determine the price? \
A: The course price was based on comparable internet training programs. I created a low level introductory price for those who have been with me from the beginning. The value that you are receiving far outweighs the costs. \
\
Q: Are Govcon Giants FB members required to take the course? \
A: Yes In order to remain inside the private FB Group everyone will be required to go through the course in it\'92s entirety. This will ensure that we achieve a minimum level of competency amongst group members. Initially it will reduce the group size but overall it will elevate the quality of members within the group. \
\
Q: So if I don\'92t buy your course are you kicking me out of the FB group? \
A: We will allow person up to 90 days to purchase the course from it\'92s release date. After that we will be removing members who are not serious about their Govcon journey. \
\
Q: In your book, it says that you offer a FREE course. \
A: Yes we offer the GovCon for Dummies FREE course. It will teach you all about government contracting and help you get registered in SAM portal. Click here. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://govcondummies.gr8.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 http://govcondummies.gr8.com/}}\
\
Q: How is the course different than your YouTube videos? \
A: You can learn everything you need to start winning contracts using my current YouTube videos. The course is for people who want a more structured environment and ongoing training, mentoring and consulting. It breaks down specific ideas into digestible pieces. It includes forms, templates and call scripts. \
\
Q: Will you continue making new YouTube videos? \
A: Yes. I will continue making new videos and teaching new content. \
\
Again we are looking for those members who have a high probability to win and can contribute to the organization and FB group. My vision for everyone is that we change the landscape of entrepreneurship in underprivileged communities. In order to achieve my 2020 challenge I have to invest my time with the people who want to invest in themselves. \
\
I will continue to make YouTube videos teaching you the in\'92s and out\'92s of government contracting. But the people who invest will get more of my time and become part of my network. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}