{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13940\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Intro\
Govcon Giants Pilot Certified Program \
\
Why? \
Idea I had to create a program with real people to land contracts for their clients. Recently just landed a few contracts for a client of mine. \
\
\
Goals: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1)	}Win a contract for you and your client\
{\listtext	2)	}Make $ in the process\
{\listtext	3)	}Build a relationship \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Objective: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1)	}Demonstrate to actual people that this is real\
{\listtext	2)	}Find gaps in the course \
{\listtext	3)	}Earn raving fans \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Goals and Objectives \
Program requirements\
1. Govcon Course\
2. 15 - 20 hrs / week \
3. Paid client \
\
Client side\
\
How does the program work? \
20 weeks long - expectations \
\
How much do I have to pay? \
\
How much does the client have to pay? \
\
When does it start? \
\
How long is the program? \
\
What do I need before we start? (consultant/client)\
\
What will be the format of the weekly lessons? \
\
What do I tell my client? \
\
What legal paperwork to get with client? \
Teaming arrangement \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Q: Why is the Govcon Giants course a prerequisite?\'a0 \
A: Everything that I do is to better the whole Govcon community. I will be utilizing this program as a test pad to ensure that each lesson in the course is thorough. Through this experience we will be improving the course lessons and filling in the gaps for future students.\'a0 \
\
Q: What if I purchased the course but did not complete it?\'a0 \
A: That is acceptable. You need to have access in order to do the lessons and offer constructive feedback.\'a0 \
\
Q: Why do I need a paid consultant clients?\'a0 \
A:\'a0
\f2\fs28 In order to participate you need to have a real client that is willing to pay for your services as a consultant. This is not training in a hypothetical situation, but in an actual real world environment.\'a0
\f1\fs24  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 Q: What are your standards for a consulting client?\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\fs28 A: My standards for consulting client is someone who can perform the work, execute their tasks, has past performance, a burning desire in pursuing federal projects and is willing to pay you for bringing them contracts.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs28 \cf2 Larger firms understand this value easier than small ones. We need people who can afford to pay you for services rendered. Not companies that have problems making payroll.
\i0 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf2 Q: Will there be a fee for the\'a0
\fs24 program?\'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 A:\'a0
\fs28 We will collect a fee from the client. So they have to be able to pay once we deliver the projects.
\f1\fs24 \
}