{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{check\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u10003 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13940\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How to grow your Inner Giant?\
\
Objective: \
1. Provide updates as to the progress we are making\
2. Find out where people are at in their journey \
3. Solicit feedback from members how to improve. \
4. What\'92s new and HOT\
\
What we are working on? \
\
A. Complete redesign of the course  \
1. more user friendly \
2. categories that make sense to real people (learn contracting, bid preparation) \
3. resource section \
\
B. More user interaction \
1. weekly meetings to discuss ongoing issues (bids, proposals, RFQ\'92s, references, subcontractors)\
2. Monthly learning sessions (masterclass) - discuss a topic in depth \
\
How comfortable are you? \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Knowledge \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Experience\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}Sales\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}How much do you know? (Registration, Acronyms, SBA profile, SB programs, SAP) Where do you feel you are lacking knowledge? \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}How comfortable do you feel bidding jobs? (how to price, what documents to complete and how, writing technical proposals) \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u10003 
\f0 	}How comfortable do you feel soliciting people? (have you tried, were you rejected/accepted, what prevents you from doing these things)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
3. How can we improve? (we have a design template in place) \
What categories of lessons do you want to see? \
\
4. What\'92s new and HOT?  in your world and ours \
Certified Consultant Pilot Training Program - create something similar for people looking to JV / Team and have a mentor \
OSDBU share POC lists \
}