{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10240\viewh7840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Learning questions: \
\
Day 1. \
1. What is the source section process used for federal contracts? \
Lowest responsive bidder \
2. What is the negative word used for describing teaming at the local level contracting? \
Collusion \
3. What contract rules do the federal government follow? \
FAR\
\
Day 2. \
1. Is \'93Control\'94 an advantage or disadvantage of being a prime contractor? Advantage\
2. Name one disadvantage or being a subcontractor? Control or Money\
3. The company with the direct contract with the government is called a what?  prime contractor \
\
Day 3\
2. What type of contract is a MATOC? \
3. What does SAP stand for? \
4. What chapter in the FAR discusses SAP? \
\
Day 4\
1. What type of purchase is the most competitive? Hard bid\
2. What type of purchase is the least competitive? Sole source \
3. Name a set aside category? \
4. What are the 2 criteria for stopping an IDIQ?  Time/Money\
5. Give me the name of 1 IDIQ contract? \
\
Day 5\
1. Does every agency have a forecast list? Yes. \
2. Name one place you go to obtain a forecast list? \
3. When do you need a forecast list? \
4. Name 1 of 4 reasons why a forecast list might be useful? \
\
Day 6 \
1. Do you need a website? NO\
2.  Is gmail an acceptable email format? \
\
Day 7 \
1. Do you list your MPIN on your Capabilities statement? \
2. Does your NAICS code go on your Cap statement? \
3. Do you list your Tax ID go on your Capabilities statement?\
4. As a consultant do you need a Cap statement? \
\
Day 8\
1. What is a another name for DSBS profile? SBA profile \
2. What website do you use to make changes to your DSBS profile? SAM\
3. What do we put in our capabilities narrative? keywords   \
4. Where do we find keywords for our capabilities narrative? modeling top firms  \
5. Is non government past performance acceptable? yes \
\
}