{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9020\viewh8300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I was warned not to offer my course for such a low price as the type of people who pay less than $500 require too much handholding. I chose to make it affordable for all. \
\
I was advised to only offer my services to people who have the means to pay top dollars for consultants. I decided everyone should have access to the information. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
They told me the reason why so many small businesses are not succeeding is because they won\'92t invest the time or resources in themselves. I strongly disagree. \
\
My videos have been translated in Russian. \
\
I have subscribers across the Globe. \
\
I am training companies at a rate of $500/hr the same material that I am making available to you in the Govcon Giants course. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 My hope is that you are not typical. You are not average. Many of us know the costs of a college education and the return on your investment. \
\
We also know the costs of community college, beauty school, vocation programs and unpaid internships. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
If you make the mistake and decide not to purchase it a the introductory price of $297 please do not send me an email after May 9 asking for a discount or reduction. \
\
I have chosen path of the renegade when pricing this course, you must choose to invest in yourself if you believe my methods work. \
\
Warren Buffet, the best investment you can make is in yourself. \
\
CEO\'92s, athletes, high paid employees and successful business owners do not hesitate about making an investment in their education and learning. \
\
It is not the class that you took that can hurt you, it is the one you missed. \
\
Do not miss out. \
\
Course price May 10 $497. \
\
15.50 }