{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12200\viewh9100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Introduction to the Course
\b0 \
\
This 12 module training program will take someone who is registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) and help transform them into a government contract award winner. With our course you will learn the steps necessary to began transforming your business into a successful contractor. \
\
Most people have heard about the federal government size, budget and buying power. But very few have ever dared to see it as a possibility for themselves or their company. With this course you will unlock the secrets used by 1,000\'92s of companies across America who are actively winning contracts each day. \
\
Don\'92t just blindly bid in hopes of securing your next contract. Learn how to navigate the terrain and increase your chances of success by narrowing down the playing field. Find out why 20% of the companies are receiving 80% of the contracts and how they did it.  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Trying to do it alone can be terrifying. Throughout the modules we share many lessons learned to help you overcome the difficulties, challenges and surprises. Opportunity is knocking at your door, don\'92t miss out on the next chance to win your first, second or largest contract ever.  \
\
Remember for all those who purchase the course you will receive the following: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Free coaching and weekly mentoring by Eric Coffie  \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Access to all new content and course material FREE (forever)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Currently adding 6 new modules (30 days) \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Phone/email scripts, sample calls, emails, bid/pricing worksheets \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Contract documents/subcontract agreements\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Membership to GovCon Giants private FB Group FREE (forever) \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}advice from members who are winning \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}networking, partnership and teaming opportunities \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Free certification assistance\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Free workshop slide presentations  \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
Access to all the above and more for FREE. \
\
The introductory price of the course will last only for 30 days. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Modules Outline\
\

\b0 The current course outline contains 12 modules released each day taking you from the basics of federal contracting to the intricacies of landing your first client. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Here\'92s itinerary over the next few days so you know exactly what to expect..\'a0 \
\
GovCon Giants Course Itinerary\'a0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Module 1\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	What is a federal contract?\
\'95	How does it differ from local and state contracts?\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Module 2\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	What does the government buy?\
\'95	How do they buy?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Module 3: Choosing your path\'a0\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	What is a prime contractor?\'a0\
\'95	Advantages/disadvantages of prime vs subcontractor\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Module 4: Marketing to government agencies\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	What is a Forecast lists\
\'95	How to use them\'a0\
\'95	Where to find them\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Module 5:\'a0Recent award winners (Find out who won a contract and solicit them)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	FBO.gov\
\'95	Daily Bulletin\
\'95	FPDS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Module 6 - What is a small business specialist\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	How to find them\
\'95	How to setup a meeting\
\'95	What to take to the meeting\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Module 7 - Dynamic small business search\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	List building techniques\
\'95	Finding JV/Teaming partners\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Module 8 - Visit the local contracting office\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Reasons to meet\'a0\
\'95	Scheduling the meeting\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Module 9 - Attend industry workshops/ meetings\'a0\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	Where to find events\'a0\
\'95	How to choose an event\
\'95	Preparing for the event\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Day 10 - Secret Sauce\
Day 11 \'96 Community/Mentors\
Day 12 \'96 Implementation/Action Steps\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b Unlock 6 more modules
\b0  \
\
Over the next 30 days we will finalize 6 new modules to compliment the current 12 modules. Each new module will include a Introduction, Lesson and Homework assignment. These new modules are the result of feedback taken from more than 100 students who went through the introductory course.  The additional modules include: Types of Jobs, Brand Identity, Capabilities Statement, Supplier Credit, Finding Subcontractors and How to Bid a Contract. \
\
Team ScoreContracts believes that these 18 modules will provide any team with all the learning tools necessary to start winning contracts over the next 30 - 60 days. \
\
All students who sign up for the initial course will receive these additional modules at no additional cost. \
\

\b About Eric Coffie\
\

\b0 Eric Coffie is host of the #1 YouTube channel on the web ScoreContracts teaching people how to navigate the field of government contracting. His students are winning contracts everyday around the world and are growing their micro businesses into small businesses. Taking 1 person startup LLC\'92s and landing them 6-figure contracts with the U.S. government. He has helped hundreds of companies get registered and understand the world of federal contracting winning contracts with organizations such as FEMA, VA, DHS, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Navy, Air Force, DLA, Dept of State and more. \
\
Eric\'92s slogan, teaching everyday people how to win extraordinary contracts is the mantra that guides all that he does. For the 2020 challenge Eric would like to help 200 companies achieve $5 million in revenue by the year 2020. Videos from his Youtube channel have been translated in both Spanish and Russian with viewers watching from 91 countries around the world. The Top 10 viewer countries of his content include: United States, Venezuela, Kuwait, Canada, Dominican Republic, Japan, United Kingdom, Afghanistan, South Africa and Netherlands in respective order.  \
\
\
 }