{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Email templates: \
\
Maria - \
\
Create template email for podcast guest\
\
Create template email for podcast is live to guests\
\
\
\
Randie \
\
Send template email for survey to podcast members\
\
\
\
Erika \
\
Guest inquiries about 3.0. \
\
Instead of sending them to the course pages. Lets\'92 assume they\'92ve already been to the course page and just needs help on deciding between us and another provider. \
\
We need to find out what are their pain points and then explain how through one of our products we can solve their problem. Sending them to the course page alone does nothing to ease their concerns. \
\
1) Ask if they prefer email versus phone. \
\
2) Ask them what specific challenge are they having with government contracting? How long have they been trying without a mentor / coach? \
\
3) How much time before they need this to work? \
\
4) What factor of the three is the greatest: (1) initial investment up front to get things going, (2) time to get this business going or (3) doing it right legally? \
\
We need to talk with them and find out how much money versus time do they have. Then we can decide whether they want a DIY solution (3.0) or done with you (DWY) coaching or done for you (DFY) which is BD in a Box. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 5) If money is not the issue and they want a coach offer them coaching. If coaching is out of their budget, suggest a lifetime membership. This will ensure they have \'93forever\'94 access and help with compliance once they win a contract down the road. Most secure solution. \
\
If they \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
 \
\
Email 1 \
What problem are you having? \
\
Email 2 \
How does 3.0 help to solve that problem? \
\
\
\
Fre \
\
Create (3) template emails for asking guests to be on our podcast \
\
}