{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12900\viewh16380\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Erika : Guest Inquiries About Government Contracting\
\
No Longer send people to the course page without First Finding out What is Their Problem  \

\f1\i \

\f0\i0 Lets\'92 assume that \ul everyone\ulnone  calling or emailing has\ul  already visited\ulnone  the course page! \
\
Now they NEED HELP 
\f2\b deciding
\f0\b0  between 
\f2\b \ul us and another provider
\f0\b0 \ulnone . \
\
We need to find out \ul what are their pain points\ulnone  are and how one of our products (course, coaching, business development for you) can solve they\'92re problem. 
\f3\i\b Sending them to the course page alone does nothing to ease their concerns. \
\

\f0\i0\b0 Also \ul we don\'92t know\ulnone  if 3.0 is the best solution for them without finding out if they have 
\f2\b \ul more money than time
\f0\b0 \ulnone . \
\

\f1\i A 
\f3\b busy business owner
\f1\b0  with MONEY and NO TIME will NOT WANT to Watch a bunch of videos. They would 
\f3\b rather pay someone just to handle everything
\f1\b0 . \

\f0\i0 \
1) When someone emails you, ask if they prefer email versus phone. \
\
2) Ask them 
\f2\b what challenge are they having with government contracting
\f0\b0 ? How long have they been trying without a mentor / coach? \
\
3) Why does this have to work and \ul how much time do they give themselves\ulnone  before this has to work? 6 months, 12 months, 24 months. \

\f3\i\b Normal sales cycles for newbies without training or mentorship are 2 - 4 years. 
\f2\i0 \

\f0\b0 \
4) What factor of the three is the greatest: (1) initial investment $$ up front to get things going, (2) time to get this business going or (3) doing it right legally? \
\
We need to talk with them and find out how much money versus time do they have. Then we can decide whether they want a DIY solution (
\f2\b Academy 3.0
\f0\b0 ) or done with you, 
\f2\b Coaching
\f0\b0  or done for you,
\f2\b  BDaaS (business development as a service
\f0\b0 ) formerly BD in a Box. \
\

\f1\i Think about replacing the kitchen cabinets in your house. You can go to Home Depot buy all the stuff then try and figure it out via instructions and YouTube videos. Or you can hire a professional who does this everyday for the last 10 years to install the cabinets for you. 
\f3\b Academy 3.0 versus BDaaS. 
\f0\i0\b0 \
\
5) If \ul MONEY is NOT THE ISSUE\ulnone  and they want a coach offer them 
\f2\b BDaaS or coaching
\f0\b0 . Let them know the monthly retainer amounts vary from $2K - $8K for most companies. \
\
What is the difference? \

\f2\b Coaching
\f0\b0 : We train you and your staff how to do the activities. We give you the steps,  check behind you to ensure it is done correctly. Advise you along the way and hold you accountable.\
\

\f2\b Upside
\f0\b0 : No wasted time for your sales person. Learn the activities and implement action steps immediately. Team is ready to build relationships and pipeline. 
\f2\b Downside
\f0\b0 : Your team is busy doing activities and this may overwhelm them. 
\f2\b Recommend
\f0\b0 : Have a dedicated person or persons who make this their priority. \
\

\f2\b BDaaS
\f0\b0 : We do everything. No need to hire a new team member. No need to pull existing staff from their current duties. We become your dedicated team. We become you. Our team responds to all requests using your company name, logo, email and phone. You show up for 
\f2\b key decision maker meetings
\f0\b0  and 
\f2\b price only high probability or strategic bid inquiries
\f0\b0 .  \
\

\f1\i For 
\f3\b half the price
\f1\b0  of a
\f3\b  Full time Sales Person
\f1\b0  we handle everything
\f0\i0 . Think about white labeling a sales force of government contracting experts. Fortune 500 companies hire call centers to handle sales and customer service calls all the time. Now you can do the same. \
\

\f2\b Upside
\f0\b0 : You do nothing we handle everything. 
\f2\b Downside
\f0\b0 : You pay a little more on the backend. 
\f2\b Benefit
\f0\b0 : Customers, stakeholders, program managers will know your company name as the expert in this field even if you can no longer continue the service.  \
\
6) If the monthly retainer is out of their budget, suggest a 
\f2\b lifetime membership
\f0\b0 . This will ensure they have \'93forever\'94 access and help with compliance once they win a contract down the road. Most secure solution. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 \'93Winning a contract is good, making money is better and staying compliant keeps you in the game for the long term!\'94 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
7) If that is not within their budget than you can offer 3.0 annual subscription. Knowing that a 
\f2\b structured program
\f0\b0 , with 
\f2\b accountability and success stories of the Tuesday calls
\f0\b0  alone will 
\f2\b keep them Motivated when they lose motivation
\f0\b0 . \
\
Emerging themselves in this world surrounded by others who are also doing this every week will automatically trigger the \'93
\f2\b law of attraction
\f0\b0 \'94 and they will start to 
\f2\b see opportunities
\f0\b0  that they 
\f2\b previously had not seen
\f0\b0 . \
\
This is a universal truth, not something that we created. Even though they may get the same information via YouTube, for most people they need to interact with others who are also motivated, excited and to receive the full immersive experience. \
\
8) If they don\'92t have the money today for the full annual subscription. Let them know we can break up the payments via PayPal like we did that person. \
\
9) If that still is not good enough. Ask to add them to our newsletter so they can at least be subscribed to hear our student success stories. Ask them when is a good time to follow up. \
\
10) Document the whole conversation in our CRM. \
\
\
}