{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13940\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How to make your first $5,000 in govcon \
\
1) find project that you believe you can bid \
If you need suggestions i like trades construction - MEP, fence, sidewalks, concrete, painting, \
Readily available and frequently requested \
\
Q: Why do you like trades? \
A: Because the people who typically do manual labor are less likely to want to handle government paperwork. So if you come along and offer to do it for a small fee, they are more likely to jump all over it. \
\
2) find an 8a company (with federal history) that can bid the project off of dsbs website propose a 6% fee or 25% of the profit whichever seems more fair to the client. Tell them your fee is to help put the Government bid together and do business development. Caution: They must send you all the information you need in order to put it together. ie. resumes, references, item description, etc. \
\
3) Bring them the project/opportunity from FBO, arrange for someone from the office to attend the site visit and help them start gathering information to bid the job \
\
Pull down the requirements (L & K) and start gathering your facts. \
\
4)  Submit the proposal with the 8a firm helping them arrange everything including the technical writeup - that ensures that you stay connected to the project . \
\
5) Wait for the results - rinse and repeat \
\
When the project is awarded, make your company a subcontractor \cf2 as \'93project administrator\'94\cf2  on the project for the amount that you agreed upon. \
\
Alternative pricing measures: \
Some companies will want to give you a flat price for the job and then you mark it up. \
\
That is okay, you can mark it up by your fee % or if you believe that there is an opportunity to get more (say the project is under $20K) I would add up to 10%. \
\
Questions: \
Q: What if I don\'92t know anything about electrical, mechanical or plumbing? \
A: It\'92s okay because neither does the contract specialist that you are working with. In most companies there is only a handful of people who know about the technical side of things. \
\
Q: I don\'92t know how to write a technical proposal. \
A: We have samples of proposals that we\'92ve written for these fields that are inside the course. \
\
Q: What if we cannot meet the government requirements? \
Option A: Do not bid the job. \
Option B: Propose an alternative equal \
\
Q: What if the client doesn\'92t want to use me after this project? \
A: That is perfectly okay. Do not be afraid to part ways from a relationship, everyone is not meant to work together. \
\
Q: What if the client doesn\'92t pay me? \
A: Make sure that everything is covered in black and white. With that being the case, you can always take your case to the OSDBU for the agency or the SBA BOS for the firm. \
\
}