{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13940\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Course welcome video
\f1\b0 : \
\
Videos: \

\f0\b Prepare - What do I do first? \

\f1\b0 If you are new to the course and can\'92t figure out where you wan to be a sub or a prime, a consultant or a distributor, this is the section for you. \
\
Before you can get started in the course you need to decide what it is that you want to do? How do you plan to best help deliver and create value so that you can earn money. \
\
Often times people believe that we get paid for the time that we spend but in fact we get paid for the value that we create and the number of people that we serve. \
\

\f0\b Decide \

\f1\b0 I created this section to help people familiarize themselves with the various paths that I have encountered with students. \
\
Sometimes people have a difficult time choosing a specific product or service to sell to the government. \
\
However in order to be successful in any venture you must be laser beam focused so in that regard we help you zero in on a specific area in which you must concentrate for the next 90+ days or so in order to really get a beat (pulse) on whether or not this particular product will be what ultimately takes you to new heights into the federal space. \
\
The Types of Giants are all the various ways in which you can build a business in this marketplace. Depending upon how long you\'92ve been in business, your past performance, your credit, will determine your entrance into the market. \
\
Everyone can enter the market, it is a matter of where to began. \
\

\f0\b Learn
\f1\b0  \
I strongly encourage everyone not to leave this section until every module / lesson is 100% complete. Why? Because in this section is where we teach fundamentals of federal contracting 101. \
\
Any great athlete or high level performer has started with the fantastic fundamentals and we want the same for you. \
\
In Tennis you practice, In Basketball you practice, In Gold you practice, In singing you practice, authors practice. Why do we believe that in business we do not have to revisit the fundamentals? \
\
Things are constantly changing so we want you to be up on the new changes. And this is the section where that happens. \
\

\f0\b Market
\f1\b0  \
The Market section is for determining how do I get myself and my company prepared and ready for the people who need me out there. \
\
This section is a crash course on marketing. From what you need to do in order to be seen, heard and received. To the best way to meed decision makers where they are most likely to hear your story.  \
\

\f0\b Monetize
\f1\b0  \
Most people want to jump to this section first. However keep in mind that if you do not do the other things correctly this section will be useless. \
\
If you do not identify your product/service, if you do not engage potential customers, then there is no way in which you can monetize. It is only after you have exhibited laser beam focus on the other items that you can truly appreciate this area. \
\
On the other hand if you already have a business that is up and running, no need to wait for bidding. I welcome you to use our examples and start bidding projects right away. \
\
We have sample documents, IDIQ\'92s, Bid strategies, No Bid vs Bid, ways in which to find J.V. partner and much more. If there is something that you do not see in this section, leet us know and we will look at adding it. \
\

\f0\b Resources \

\f1\b0 This tab supports everything in the course. From where to login to join the FB group to how to contact support. \
\
These are additional resources that are available to use in an effort to help you fulfill the goal of bringing in revenue and sales. Click each section to browse.  \
}