{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red135\green135\blue135;
\red25\green26\blue42;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;
\cssrgb\c12941\c13725\c21961;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13940\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Keenan Justin, 786 777 8660\'94 \

\f1\b0 Breakbolk Convention - transportation, logistics, ports 
\f0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
$997 Link: https://courses.scorecontracts.com/purchase?product_id=1508291 $1,497 Link: https://courses.scorecontracts.com/purchase?product_id=1508289\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \strokec5 When does the course start and finish?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf5 The course starts now and never ends! It is a completely self-paced online course - you decide when you start and when you finish.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 How long do I have access to the course?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf5 How does lifetime access sound? After enrolling, you have unlimited access to this course for as long as you like - across any and all devices you own.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 What if I am unhappy with the course?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf5 We would never want you to be unhappy! If you are unsatisfied with your purchase, contact us in the first 30 days and we will give you a full refund.
\f2\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \strokec4 \

\f0\b What is included in the software bundle package?\

\f1\b0 The software bundle includes market research tools, historical sales reports that can all be accessed at the click of a button. We want to provide real time reports of data that you can use to determine customer buying cycles. Currently these tools are only available to large forms that pay $7,500 annually.\
\

\f0\b When will the software bundle be released?\

\f1\b0 Right now our programmers are hard at work. We anticipate releasing a beta version Spring of 2020. Upon rollout it will be a subscription service. For all that purchase the course option will have lifetime access and never pay another dollar for the tools.\
\

\f0\b Software Bundle Price Explained\

\f1\b0 When the software tools are released they will be on a monthly subscription service. For those persons that invest early (pre-release) they will never pay additional monies. They will be grandfathered in with a lifetime enrollment.\
\
choose the option that fits your need\
\
for the price that matches your budget }