{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9700\viewh6480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 New Benefits from Govcon EDU \
\
Weekly Training \
\
After much discussion and deliberation. We will be breaking the Tuesday calls into segments. \
\
In addition to the on demand learning. People wanted direction of what to do first second and third. But we realize that not all people are created equal. Thus what we\'92ve decided is to break up the groups into beginners and intermediate/advanced. \
\
Each and every Tuesday 7pm EST we will host a class teaching you how to get the most out of your membership.  \
\
1st Tuesday - General Session open forum Q&A style \
2nd Tuesday - Beginners Session - what to do first, where to start \
3rd Tuesday - Breakout Sessions  \
4th Tuesday - Intermediate / Advanced - dealmaking, negotiating, strategy \
\
Each week Erika will send out the invite link to the sessions, no need to ask about a session. \
\
For those students enrolled in 1.0 you are eligible to participate in the 1st of the month general Q&A sessions. \
\
If you would like to participate in the other weekly training reach out to Erika to find out how you can upgrade your plan today. \
\
Also, if anyone has any questions. Please feel free to reach out to Erika Baltazar our new resource specialists. \
\
Her number is 786-477-0477. \
\
Thank you, \
\
\
\
}