{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Black Friday Sale Emails \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 email: #1: 
\f0\b0 \
For our Cyber Monday sale we are bringing back the webinar special price of $497.\
\
It includes all the same course lessons as the $997 package. \
\
This comes just in time before the launch of the all new redesigned course. \
\
We\'92ve spent more than 8 months and $10,000\'92s of dollars redesigning the modules and lessons for everyone. \
\
In fact, we\'92ve taken the liberty to name a few lessons after some of our successful students. \
\
New lessons include: \
Earn your first $5K (modeled after Maria\'92s success) \
Winning a $50M consulting client (with Kriti) \
Winning your first $1M project (Mo Formula) \
60 second elevator pitch (live streamed from HUBZone National Conference) \
\
For the first 20 people that buy, we are giving you a FREE copy of my new book, Govcon Launch when it is released this in January. \
\

\f1\b email #2:
\f0\b0 \
Since about 2014 I\'92ve listened to podcasts. I knew that eventually one day I would share the information I learned from Govcon with the world. \
\
One of the podcast that I listened to quite frequently was Entrepreneur on Fire. \
\
I knew that the guy who I followed EO fire, John Lee Dumas sold a course for $997. I kept passing on buying it, kept passing until one day I saw that the course was going to go from lifetime purchase of $997 to $997 annually. I knew immediately I had to jump in and buy. \
\
So I did, I purchased the course for $997. Even though my team and I were not ready to implement the steps, we knew it was something that we needed if we were ever going to get serious about launching a podcast. \
\
We sat on the course for about 6 months never even going online to look at what we bought. But because we trusted the person he was authority figure in the market, we knew it would be there as promised. \
\
After about 6 months Maria decided to open it up because I was ready to go all in on this podcast thing. I knew that the timing was right and that we could add more value to my audience by implementing the podcast. \
\
On May 10, 2019, Govcon Giants podcast was launched. The rest is history. \
\
We literally save ourselves $997/year because now we have lifetime access.\
\
Though we launched the podcast the learning is continuous and ongoing. We have still only scratched the surface of the information that is available inside the course. \
\
In the Govcon Giants course we are constantly adding supplemental documents, lessons, exercises. This govcon world is constantly changing and we want to be there with you when things change. \
\
Take advantage of the Black Friday sale before it ends. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
email #3
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Want to be like Jody who signed up 4 months ago and landed his first $945k contract. \
\
(picture)\
\
or maybe Maria, after winning $160,000 she negotiated and won her first sole source contract in 60 days, completed the work in 5 days, and got paid 15 days later. \
\
Guess what she\'92s up to now. In the process of negotiating eleven (11) sole source projects. Yep. Whoa!!!!! \
\
(picture)\
\
Sign up now to learn how to implement the same steps.\
\
By the way, Maria is still our resource specialist, for now!!! \
\
For more testimonials click the link. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 email: #4
\f0\b0 \
December 10 will be the last day to get the Black Friday special price of $497 after that it will be bumped up by more than 50%. \
\
If you are still considering purchasing the lifetime membership plan for a fire sale price, you now have 8 days left. \
\
This is the cheapest price that it will ever be. Period. \
\
- Updated and revamped lessons\
- 5 New modules \
- Lifetime membership access\
- Monthly Q&A sessions \
\
Don\'92t forget the all new internship program will be starting just after the holidays. In order to participate you will need to have completed the lessons. \
\
For more info on the internship program . .\
\

\f1\b email #5: December 6
\f0\b0 \
I know that sometimes we think that things will last forever. The opportunity will always be there, so I can just jump in whenever I feel like it. \
\
Unfortunately life has taught us that this is not always the case. \
\
Have you ever wanted to do something but procrastinated and then the idea/opportunity fled you? \
\
Ever heard the story from someone older that said I once had the chance to buy Amazon, Google, Microsoft stock and I didn\'92t do it. I was afraid, unsure and then by the time I was ready it was too late. \
\
Jeff Bezos, said that he wanted to look back at his life at the ripe old age of 80 and think that at least he tried all that he can. He gave it his best. \
\
Are you trying all that you can? \
\
Even if you are not ready today at this moment. Wouldn\'92t it be worthwhile to make the investment while the numbers are small? \
\
One day this course will be $997/year. And when that day happens it will be worth 10x that amount. \
\
But at the same time it will be unaffordable for the guy/girl just starting out. I know this to be true, but unfortunately I won\'92t be able to do anything about it because this will be the place where we are at. \
\
Today\'92s fire sale price it is worth 10x the amount. \
\
But it us up to you to decide for yourself. \
\

\f1\b email #6: December 8 
\f0\b0 \
\
Eric, why the $200 price increase for the webinar special starting December 10?\
\
Everyone who tries can win a lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA ) contract. So for less than $1,000 you will see a major return on investment of your money if you just try. \
\
Additionally we are teaching advanced topics using PSC codes, pivot tables, joint ventures that was previously not in the modules. \
\
We are constantly committing our resources to adding more and more value to the user experience. All of this takes money and for that we feel that the cost per user must increase to adjust for the additional efforts. \
\
When we make a price increase it\'92s because we feel that you are receiving 10x what you are paying.  \
\
I hope this clears up the matter. \
\
Take advantage now. \
\
\

\f1\b email #7: December 10
\f0\b0 \
\
I want to point out 2 statistics here and draw some conclusions. \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}40% of working-aged Americans now hold a college degree  \
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}70 - 80% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck or 4 out of 5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
So what this tell me is degrees don\'92t equal money. \
\
You can hear it many places. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://medium.com/content-curation-official-guide/decreasing-value-of-university-degrees-2f831c4fd625"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://medium.com/content-curation-official-guide/decreasing-value-of-university-degrees-2f831c4fd625}}
\f3 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/mar/16/university-degree-measure-benefits-tuition-fees"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/mar/16/university-degree-measure-benefits-tuition-fees}}
\f3 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blog.usejournal.com/why-formal-education-is-losing-value-bb3da6c66ad4"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://blog.usejournal.com/why-formal-education-is-losing-value-bb3da6c66ad4}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Not me making up stuff, this is real. \
\
If that is the case, then what is the solution. Self education. \
\
If you follow IG self help marketers, income freedom post, entrepreneurs you will see that most people talk about learning a skill and utilizing that to help someone. \
\
In today\'92s economy those new skills no longer come from traditional universities. They are not nimble enough to implement curriculum that is preparing you for retail arbitrage, podcasting, Amazon selling, Ubering, AirBnB\'92ing, etc. \
\
You can only learn those skills from people who actually have the know how and experience working the space to help train you how to be successful.  Which is why places like, Lynda.com, Coursera, Udemy platforms have all spring up to help grow your audience. \
\
Today\'92s economy and the future requires people to invest in themselves through self education. This will be the only way that I can see millions of Americans moving from paycheck to paycheck to financial stability. \
\
But I am probably not telling you something you already know! \
\
Sign up today before the clock strikes midnight. \
\
}