{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9560\viewh13940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Wednesday 1/30 - my flight arrives 1:36 PM\
Thursday 1/31 - meeting @ Newport Naval 9:00am\
Friday 2/1 - meeting @ 1 PM Melody Weeks\
Thursday 2/7 - all day Boston SAME meeting \

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Building a database - \
OSDBU search - going from the Contract Agency to the actual OSDBU and all the other market research information that goes along with it \
\
What happens when I see the same name multiple times? DLA Aviation, DLA San Diego, DLA West Springs\
\
Product search - Put the entire year and NAICS - once we identify the OSDBU if they buy that service multiple times we can ask them to create an IDIQ or BPA to package it into a contract vehicle that they approve once and use whenever it is needed \
\
Explain the 25% vs 5% rule for consultant \
\
Add NAICS code to questionnaire \
\
Need a roadmap for people \
\
Subcontracting module\
\
How to leverage existing contracts to grow your firm\
After you have been awarded a contract what should you be doing? \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Day 10 - \
DSBS Research - list building and phone calls example  \
Understanding competitors \
Soliciting prime contractors \
Soliciting team partners / JV \
\
Day 1 - \
What if I do not have a product/service - becoming a consultant \
Difference between a consultant and a subcontractor \
Add - action plan template \
\
Day 2 - Prime contractor (3rd tier subcontractor) \
Subcontractor - How to find opportunities: \
attend govcon events, attend site visits,  military/government walk throughs, monitor recent contract awards (FBO, DOD), research outstanding contract awards w/ your agency based on NAICS, outstanding MATOC, IDIQ, Task holder contracts by asking OSDBU's. 	\
\
Ways to grow:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Consider a small business certification or partnering w/ someone who has one \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Leverage partnerships to grow (industry partners in and outside of public sector) \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Find ex-employees, successful people to expand opportunities \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Leverage ex-top SB to tap into their network \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Day 12 - Events and Groups \
I want to add virtual and online events to that mix \
By joining a group whether it be online or in person you can leverage that to gain access to like-minded people \
Govcon Giants - we have people who have met at events, shared consultant clients \
Linked-in has online groups \
National association meetings - specialized groups \
\
Day 8 - \
Recent Award Winners - they have opportunity and need help \
Better if you can meet them onsite at the job location \
Better if you can be referred by a CO or SB Specialist \
Better if you know someone inside - do your research - leverage the power of linked in to explore 3rd tier connections \
Better if you can submit a price before they bid \
Better if you can get in during the next bid process - offer to price the job \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 Consultant - I cannot find companies - 
\f1\b0 \
Are you doing result yielding activities? \
\

\f2\b Result yielding activities: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 Creating a Linked In profile that says Government consultant? \
Have you share on your social media profiles (FB, IG) that you are willing to help people get registered to do business with the government?\
Have you talked to ex-boss or ex-coworkers about your new endeavor? \
Have you posted a picture at a government event?  \
Are you telling all your friends, family and circle that you are now helping companies win federal contracts if they know anyone? \
Have you shared any information that you learned about government contracting with anyone? (SAM registration, DUNS#, NAICS research, Forecast list building)   \
Attending govcon events online/in-person? \
Writing down SMART goals? Posting them in a public space? \
Reviewing how you are doing daily, weekly and monthly\
I am filling my day with activities that lead to moving the needle on my goal towards getting a client/contract. \
Are you doing anything? Quote: If you dare, then you have already gotten further ahead than 99 percent of all others. 
\f2\b \
Goal example
\f1\b0 : I will attend 1 government event this year. I will create a LinkedIn profile that says government consultant. I will post a helpful article about government registration. \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 No results driven activities: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Are you spending your time sharing/liking/commenting on news articles, stories, animal pics, outings on social media? \
Are you still taking pictures of your food, events and posting it? \
Are you still binge watching entertainment?  Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, ON-Demand) \
Are you spending more than 2 hours/day on social media consumption?  \
Are you spending more than 2 hours/day playing games of any sort? \
Are you spending more than 2 hours/day watching TV? (Power, 90-day finance, Bachelor, sports) \
Are you spending more than 2 hours/day at a bar, social event, party, show? \
Are you monitoring your time to see where it is being wasted? \
Do you have goals? Are they written down? \
Are they SMART? Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time-bound \
Are you filling your days with Sport, entertainment and self fulfilling activities? \
}