{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13940\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 8/1 - Jody signs up for the course \
8/16 - Jody emails me needing a reference from me for a potential consultant client\
8/20 - Lands $12M client that allows him to become government consultant with no experience. Says he is learning the marketplace under individuals we\'92re already successful consultants. \
8/20 - abandons that client they wanted to offer 5% of profit. Our model teaches 5% of revenue or 25% of profit. \
8/20 - picks up another client. Says the course taught him how to get the client and market them to the right people. Needs help putting together proposal. \
9/5 - Inquires about how to find current IDIQ holders to solicit \
9/13- Jody sends long email outlining that his client is not bidding any projects. He wants to switch to selling products, he\'92s called every plumber in San Diego and he\'92s clearly out of options, doubting if the system works. \
9/19 - We jump on a call for an hour and I let him know that the system works and maybe his tone is wrong. I provide examples of people who\'92ve made it work. We discuss alternative approaches. \
9/22 - We decide as an experiment to offer him a consultant client from a pool that we\'92ve interviewed as a case study for the new internship program (before it was called internship program)\
9/25 - Pierce and I jump on a call and discuss expectations and case study \
10/4 - Pierce confirms the consultant client and introduces Jody to Tom via email \
11/6 - Finally submitted a bid \
11/13 - Wins first contract for $945K \
}