{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13940\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Joint Venture \ulnone \
What is a JV\
What is a MP\
What is a Teaming Partner\
\
Fed vs State vs Local \
\
How do you setup a JV? \
	What are the rules\
	Do\'92s and Don\'92ts \
\
What is the purpose of doing all of this? \
\
\ul Winning Contracts - Proposal Writing \
\ulnone Traditional - RFP (technical writeup) \
\
Non Traditional\
Sources Sought\
Bidding \
Negotiated \
Unsolicited proposals (CSO, OTA, BAA) - non FAR \
\
\ul How to stand out from the crowd?\
\ulnone LinkedIN\
GAO - solutions \
Sources Sought\
Anticipate needs\
Problem solve - engineers, facility managers\
Show up \
\
\ul Immediate Opportunities as a subcontractor:\
\ulnone ANC\'92s (Alaskan Native Corporations) \
\
\ul Important people to talk to: (responsibilities/how they can help/how to reach them)\
\ulnone Facilities managers - responsible for \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Engineers\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Program managers \
Technical Information Managers - \
Contract Specialists \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Contract Officers \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\ul SBA 8a \
\ulnone How does 8a work? \
What is the responsibilities of the firm? \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What is the responsibilities of the BOS? What is a BOS?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What activities should you be doing as an 8a company? \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What activities should your BOS be doing for the 8a company? \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 How often should you be corresponding with your BOS and why? \
What are sole source contracts? \
What are set aside projects? \
\
\ul Market Research \
\ulnone FPDS\
USASpending \
Category Management Dashboards\
GAO - Government Accountability Office - find areas where the agency has made mistakes and see how you can help them solve those issues \
}