{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cap Briefing - OSDBU Calls\
\
Purpose: The purpose of calling the SB person is to get an in person briefing so that you can establish the items below. Due to COVID they may not be offering in person briefings, but always ask if it is an option. \
\
Some goals from the briefings are to: \
a. build rapport with the agency\
b. learn about future and current opportunities \
c. get introduced to potential government buyers / decision makers \
d. Let them know who you are & what you can do for them (solve their problem)\
e. Find ways to integrate your team with theirs in meaningful ways \
\
Before the Call: Have at a minimum - Capability statement & Forecast list \
\
The Call\
Let them know your team has the recent and relevant past performance to meet the project needs of the opportunities that you have identified on the forecast list \
\
The Message\
Leave a message stating the name of your company, your phone # and the fact that will be sending an email w/ your Cap statement for consideration of doing business with their agency \
\
The Email \
Explain who you are, what you do, a few notable clients & something remarkable about your firm. (certification, license, # of trucks, people, clearances, HAZMAT, etc.) \
\
Include your cap statement and POC \
\
The Follow Up \
I would call two or 3X per week at different hours until I got her/him on the line. I would only leave 1 message bi-weekly. I would stagger my times of calling. Early AM, Late PM. \
\
The Follow Up \
I would do all the things they asked me to do - attend any events or join any organizations they recommend. \
\
- Follow up w/ good news & any progress made via email (ie. If you achieve a cart, win a project, joined an organization, if you responded to SS, found a new project or forecast list) \
Feel free to reach out. \
- Try to find events where the office of that agency will attend and make sure you show up \
\
No Forecast List \
Find out what they buy goods / services & use that for your call / email \
- If not call anyway & discuss firms capabilities & ask for a capabilities briefing \
\
\
TML\
\
1) Convert Office ID (FPDS) to Office Name (using SAM.gov)\
\
2) Visit \'93Office Name\'94 website & search for OSDBU or SB Person contracting - typically under procurement section \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3) Finding the forecast list - always start with acquisitions.gov \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 a. If available look for forecast list on their website at the office level \
b. If not on the agency officee website look at agency level website for information \
c. If not @ agency level look @ command level \
d. If still not available feel free to call agency level & see if exists \
\
* Reserve calling the OSDBU as last resort \
\
\
a. If OSDBU not on website call anyone you can find and ask for POC of OSDBU\
\
b. If no OSDBU exist w/i office level move up to the agency level OSDBU\
\
c. If can\'92t find call any OSDBU, call any KO @ agency and ask \
\
Notes: \
Some of the Directors will ask that you send your cap statement and they will forward to the appropriate person \
\
Monthly vendor outreach session as oppose to 1 on 1 capability briefings. }